Extend architecture quality documentation. (#440)
Software-Improvement-Group/sigridci: docs/reference/aq-json-export-format.md

Architecture Quality JSON format
================================

In most cases, you can use Sigrid's [Architecture Quality](../capabilities/architecture-quality.md) capability
without any need to think about its internal structure. However, power users may need this information when
integrating their existing systems with Sigrid's Architecture Quality. This is usually for one of the following
reasons:

- You want to customize the Architecture Quality [configuration](analysis-scope-configuration.md).

> - You want to extract Architecture Quality data using the [Sigrid API](sigrid-api-documentatino), to integrate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You want to extract Architecture Quality data using the [Sigrid API](sigrid-api-documentation.md), to integrate
```

The architecture is represented by a graph structure, and the JSON file containing the analysis results is basically
the JSON representation of the graph. In this graph, system elements are nodes and dependencies between those system 
elements are edges. Note that *all* relations between system elements are represented by those edges, including 
parent/child relations. This is explained in more detail in the sections below.

<img src="../images/architecture-graph-example.png" width="700" />

Each system element has two types of measurement results:

- `measurementValues` refers to metrics based on the system element's current state.
- `measurementTimeSeries` refers to metrics based on the system element's change history. Time series are aggregated
  by interval, e.g. per week or per month. Retaining the full change history for each system element would lead to
  an unmanagable amount of data, so this aggregation is necessary to ensure adequate performance. 

## Example JSON file

The example shows a JSON file for a very small system. Note that is a different example than the one shown in the 
picture in the previous section.

```
{
  "partner": "sig",
  "customer": "aap",

>   "system": "noot",

Author: We actually do, though not in a super consistent way. We *also* use the literal word example, so I have no problems with using that here.

| dependency.sourceElementId              | Refers to one of the entries in `systemElements`.                                                               |
| dependency.targetElementId              | Refers to one of the entries in `systemElements`.                                                               |
| dependency.type                         | See the [list of dependency types](#dependency-types) below.                                                    |
| dependency.description                  | Textual description of the dependency sub-type. Unlike `type`, this is purely a text label and *not* an enum.   |
| dependency.count                        | Describes the number of dependencies. Optional, assume 1 when not specified.                                    |
| dependency.undesirable                  | Dependency is considered undesirable as specified in the scope file. Optional field, defaults to false.         |
| technology.name                         | Technology display name.                                                                                        |

> | technology.contextName                  | SAT context name. Note that this field is not available for technologies not supported by the SAT.              |

Reviewer: Can we refer to the `SAT` here? Should this field be documented at all?

Author: That is indeed not understandable to an external audience. I'll change it to the term "technology ID", since that's basically what we use it for.

> | technology.contextName                  | SAT context name. Note that this field is not available for technologies not supported by the SAT.              |

Reviewer: Is it intentional that `technology.type` is not documented?

Author: That field is only used for the analysis itself. I cannot see any reasonable use case for why people would want to have it, so I think this applies to your comment on undocumented fields below.

> 

Reviewer: Should we add a note that the JSON contains more fields, but that any undocumented fields should not be used as we do not consider them to be stable?
